README.md, before:

# David-LeBlanc.com

> _**Hi there!**_
>
> _**I'm Dave.**_

This is my open source personal blog and portfolio site built using ReactJS hosted at [david-leblanc.com](https://david-leblanc.com/). If you find it useful, please give my repo a star. If you have any questions, I can be reached at github@david-leblanc.com.

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

NodeJS is required to run commands and scripts. Installation instructions can be found at [NodeJS.org](https://nodejs.org/).

Yarn 1.x is used as the package manager and to initiate scripts. You can install Yarn globably by running the command below.

```
npm install -g yarn
```

### Installing

Install all package dependencies.

```
yarn install
```

## Built With

- [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) - Package management

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/your/project/tags).

## Authors

- **David LeBlanc** - _Initial work_ - [d-leb](https://github.com/d-leb)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/d-leb/david-leblanc.com/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

Commit message:

Add core tooling (Webpack, Babel, TypeScript, React, supporting scripts)

README.md, after:

# David-LeBlanc.com

> _**Hi there!**_
>
> _**I'm Dave.**_

This is my open source personal blog and portfolio site built using ReactJS hosted at [david-leblanc.com](https://david-leblanc.com/). If you find it useful, please give my repo a star. If you have any questions, I can be reached at github@david-leblanc.com.

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

NodeJS is required to run commands and scripts. Installation instructions can be found at [NodeJS.org](https://nodejs.org/).

Yarn 1.x is used as the package manager and to initiate scripts. You can install Yarn globably by running the command below.

```
npm install -g yarn
```

### Installing

Install all package dependencies.

```
yarn install
```

Development environment can now be started.

```
yarn start
```

React development tools are recommended regardless of the web browser that is used during development.

## Deployment

This project has no deployment scripts or procedures at this time.

## Built With

- [BabelJS](https://babeljs.io/) - JavaScript compiler
- [ReactJS](https://reactjs.org/) - UI library
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) - Typed JavaScript language
- [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org/) - Static module bundler
- [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) - Package management

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/your/project/tags).

## Authors

- **David LeBlanc** - _Initial work_ - [d-leb](https://github.com/d-leb)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/d-leb/david-leblanc.com/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details
